# spoti-cve
> FrontEnd network vulnerability reporting tool. 
This repo hosts the assets used to build the Spoti-cve website, available at .



## Project Setup 

### Clone project:

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/Honey20103/spoti-cve.git
```

## Project Goals

- This serves as a web front for a vulnerability reporting tool 
- The tool is expected to provide daily reports on the most recent CVE vulnerabilities released.
- The info regarding CVE's is collected based on the Spotify inventory of network devices and software versions installed.
- The web front is aimed to provide observability and visibility within the ENT squad and any other team in Spotify.
- The website collects and displays data collected and generated by the cve_reporting_tool, a Python3 script.
- Network Engineers in the ENT squad will be able to view the website, keep track of and be alerted on ulnerabilities applicable to different platforms simultaneously
- Network Engineers in the ENT squad will be able to use the context and data on the website to make better decisions regarding vendors used or protocols used.
- Other engineers across spotify specifically the Security Engineers will be able to view our vulnerabilities on this platform
- In the future this project could be a great opportunity for cross-squad collaboration with other squads within Spotify, might be able to include their inventory and track their CVE's too. And thus will have ability to input request for collaboration via the website.

## Future Features

- Possibly have alerts to communication platforms such like Slack.

## Technologies
1. HTML
2. CSS
3. Bootstrap 

## Testing



## Deployment 
This site is hosted using GitHub pages, deployed directly from the master branch. 


## Credits

### Content
The content on the site is derived from my team and I the CVE tool, however mainly information is pulled from the [Circl CVE Search Website](https://www.circl.lu) and Inventory list from internal Spotify version of LibreNMS.

### Media 


### Acknowledgements


The media query for h was taken from this [site](https://www.codeply.com/)


